check it out
what's up everybody supa directs been
here for another weekly update and this
time as you can see I'm in Florida like
I said last week I'm a here for a little
vacation visiting my one friend so
before i get into updates for this week
I first want to give a shout out to
every one of you in Boston but you know
stay safe and I'm hoping and praying
that this situation gets done with soon
so you guys can all get back to your
normal lives and won't have to worry
anymore so for this weekly update
obviously the BRZ is in here nothing new
in the beer z is just sitting at home
resting getting a week off itself since
its been driven you know every day so
it's getting a little break I'm getting
a little break good times but last week
in my update video David Griffin
suggested that I do a news kind of
section where I'm sitting down at a desk
or something like this and kind of you
know doing a new section in addition to
you know the part where I'm driving the
BRZ and I said in my response that if
the comment gets a lot of thumbs up that
I'll try and implement that as soon as
possible and I'm implementing that this
week I'm going to try and figure out
once i get back home how we can
implement that but I mean I think 36 if
you gave it a thumbs up so lost people
would rather see me do that kind of
incorporate a little bit of a news
section and talk about you know stuff
going on in the automotive world in
addition to the BRZ stuff since
obviously I'm not going to have a new
modification every week or something new
to talk about so this way keep the show
going and you know kind of give you my
take on
things going on the automotive world so
I appreciate that suggesting David and
we'll definitely try and find a way to
get that work down so that we can start
doing something like this every week
also thank you for all the great
feedback from all of you commenters that
have beers ease and FRS is that were
telling me about your exhaust systems
those really help there was one guy in
particular I think the eraser 111 he
actually has an FRS with the SRT catback
which is what i was thinking about
switching mine over to from the header
back to the cat back he said it's a
little too quiet for his taste which was
really helpful for me because I
definitely don't want it to be too quiet
so if it's even remotely close to being
too quiet like he says it is then I
don't even want to go with the cat back
so I'm going to definitely keep the
header back for now I might try and you
know check out the parent system once i
hear it in person if i can find someone
else with a parent system system i can
listen to their exhaust and make a
decision then but for now i'm going to
keep it i'm still being toying with the
idea of getting a second car as well
thats something more relaxed luxurious
laid back for whenever I don't want to
be loud and you know aggressive in the
BRZ I can have something just kind of
relaxing so I'm looking at some stuff
maybe some plastic car some stuff to
looking for Mustangs keep my ebay motors
so we'll see if I can find anything but
in the meantime I'm sure I can endure
with the header back exhaust on the BRZ
just fine so yeah I don't really mind it
just it'd be nice to not always have a
super loud exhaust if it had like an
active switch you know that I could kind
of open valves whenever I wanted to
though I make it a lot nicer and more
move but in the meantime island or hey
guys that's about it for all the new
stuff so I'm just going to cut to a
little video clip teaser thing of
showing you some of the sites that I've
been seeing over the past few days i
went to a cool navy museum saw a bunch
of sweet airplanes a lot of cool sites
and beaches and stuff like that so just
a quick little minute long video showing
you some of that stuff and over the next
few days i also be uploading videos of
my friends minnie we did a little photo
shoot with that it looks great and so
i'll be doing probably two videos of
that car to upload for you guys so you
can expect to see those probably over
the weekend and early next week but yeah
otherwise guys enjoy the little video
and I'll see you next week take care
you